Google recently unveiled a new Quant
computer called Willow and with it
they've achieved some cool results
basically here are all the steps you
need to accomplish to build a useful con
computer this is a useful con computer
here we're not there yet Google just
made the step from here to here that's a
really cool step because it means that
they can now do this thing called error
correction the building blocks of Quant
computers are cubits but these cubits
drift away from doing what they should
do it's an unavoidable property of
quantum systems called decoherence so to
make a useful computer you have to keep
nudging the Q bits back into coherence
and that's called error correction and
that's a really hard thing to do so this
is a really cool achievement and means
they can start working on the next steps
but it should be clear that this quantum
computer is not breaking encryption or
solving any real world problems yet to
do anything useful you need to get to
the end of these steps and each of these
Stepping Stones is a huge engineering
challenge if you want to learn more
about Quantum Computing check out my
other videos especially my map of
quantum Computing video